I also noticed that last goodbye, yeah it was that absence of goodbye, that negation of maybe-we-dont-see-each-other-again, refusing that kiss and sealing the vile farewell-bitterness with the loveliest hug. 

Listen. At this hours of the night, I am a sleepwalking heart hovering the roof. Time of the night owl. I am thinking. How can I make this to work if I am not rocker, neither I am a thief, nor a pirate, what can I do if I am no superhero or saint or rebel. I am just here in the solitude with my hands and lips still with the delusion of your respective ones. And then you are missing. You with your funny belly and your big nose and small eyes, and those very ugly feet that I only find cool. The atmosphere lacks some of your magic.

Lately the stars are  all  unbearable, they come in single doses of  eagerness, as well as the moon, nights full of breeze with fernweh, giving me the the sickness of the summer lover from whom a flying carpet was stolen. A mean of transportation for the impossibles. Is important to see you.

Maybe I can fold myself into a paperplane but I am just liquid. Maybe I can melt into the river. Dripping drop by drop, there one foot, there one finger, etcetera. Water never dies. Then, at the top of one night (when you like to refresh) I will stream from your shower. Slide down your body; I'll cover you with a second layer of rebel tissue. I will cling to your skin pores like those very small drops of sweat that appear out of the steamed love burning inside your body and condensating. Then I'll shape myself into your bones and fire will join us and the night will join us and time will travel us. I'll make you love, then "love will make us". Maybe you are right, maybe it is just about sex, about the mix of sweat and flesh. Yeah it is about sex with you, I CHOOSE YOU. Is about living this tiny death together, a microsecond of asphyxia, the tiny death of two bodies puzzle-shaping without apparent form, an horizontal multiplied nudeness. Lips versus neck hands versus hair eyes versus eyes and so on. I'll tatoo my blood with your poetry, with your oxygen of virgin. I'll soak my soul in the sea of your melted sex

I choose you for sex, for sex in the shower tomorrow and sex in the back of the car whenever we get the chance. I choose you for breakfast with bannana pancakes on Sundays, fried eggs some other mornings, and the classic cereal bowl when no time is enough. Don't forget for spontaneous salsa nigths, for clumpsy salsa in the room, for Friday rakija on hipstery bars, and tequilas, yeah a lots of them. For shared guacamole on the hamburger, silly movies with pizza, and fancy dinners with cheap candles (we still have to do those). I choose you for laughter at the museum, and at fairy-tale like places. For late night hangouts. For summer this year and the next one.

Maybe you are already panicking about how much can anyone love in such a short time. Is it ok for you if I just love you a bit so quickly? It is not much nor it is few.

I hope it is clear that this is not a love letter, God save me from writting something like that.